→ http://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/imagegallery/iotd.html

Using NASA Imagery and Linking to NASA Web Sites12.05.08
 
Still Images, Audio Recordings, Video, and Related Computer Files

NASA still images; audio files; video; and computer files used in the rendition of 3-dimensional models, such as texture 
maps and polygon data in any format, generally are not copyrighted. You may use NASA imagery, video, audio, and data files 
used for the rendition of 3-dimensional models for educational or informational purposes, including photo collections, 
textbooks, public exhibits, computer graphical simulations and Internet Web pages. This general permission extends to 
personal Web pages.

This general permission does not extend to use of the NASA insignia logo (the blue "meatball" insignia), the retired NASA 
logotype (the red "worm" logo) and the NASA seal. These images may not be used by persons who are not NASA employees or on 
products (including Web pages) that are not NASA-sponsored.

NASA should be acknowledged as the source of the material except in cases of advertising. See NASA Advertising Guidelines.

If the NASA material is to be used for commercial purposes, especially including advertisements, it must not explicitly or 
implicitly convey NASA's endorsement of commercial goods or services. If a NASA image includes an identifiable person, 
using the image for commercial purposes may infringe that person's right of privacy or publicity, and permission should be 
obtained from the person. Any questions regarding application of any NASA image or emblem should be directed to:

Photo Department 
NASA Headquarters
300 E St. SW
Washington, DC 20546
Tel: 202-358-1900
Fax: 202-358-4333

Linking to NASA Web Sites

NASA Web sites are not copyrighted, and may be linked to from other Web sites, including individuals' personal Web sites, 
without explicit permission from NASA. However, such links may not explicitly or implicitly convey NASA's endorsement of 
commercial goods or services.

NASA images may be used as graphic "hot links" to NASA Web sites, provided they are used within the guidelines above. This 
permission does not extend to use of the NASA insignia, the retired NASA logotype or the NASA seal.

NASA should be acknowledged as the source of the material except in cases of advertising. See NASA Advertising Guidelines.

Restrictions 

As a government entity, NASA does not license the use of NASA materials or sign licensing agreements. The agency generally 
has no objection to the reproduction and use of these materials (audio transmissions and recordings; video transmissions 
and recording; or still and motion picture photography), subject to the following conditions:
NASA material may not be used to state or imply the endorsement by NASA or by any NASA employee of a commercial product, 
service, or activity, or used in any manner that might mislead. Please see NASA Advertising Guidelines and Merchandising 
Guidelines for more information.
It is unlawful to falsely claim copyright or other rights in NASA material.
NASA shall in no way be liable for any costs, expenses, claims, or demands arising out of the use of NASA material by a 
recipient or a recipient's distributees.
NASA does not indemnify nor hold harmless users of NASA material, nor release such users from copyright infringement, nor 
grant exclusive use rights with respect to NASA material.
NASA material is not protected by copyright unless noted. If copyrighted, permission should be obtained from the copyright 
owner prior to use. If not copyrighted, NASA material may be reproduced and distributed without further permission from 
NASA.
If a recognizable person, or talent (e.g., an astronaut or a noted personality engaged to narrate a film) appears in NASA 
material, use for commercial purposes may infringe a right of privacy or publicity. Therefore, permission should be 
obtained from the recognizable person or talent. If the proposed use of the NASA material could be viewed as a commercial 
exploitation of that person. However, if the intended use of NASA material is primarily for communicative purposes, i.e., 
books, newspapers, and magazines reporting facts of historical significance (constitutionally protected media uses), then 
such uses will generally be considered not to infringe such personal rights.
Some NASA audiovisual material may incorporate music or footage, which is copyrighted and licensed for the particular NASA 
work. Any editing or otherwise altering of the work may not be covered under the original license, and therefore would 
require permission of the copyright owner.
NASA audiovisual material may include visible NASA identifiers (e.g., the name of the vehicle and the NASA Insignia or 
Logotype in photographs or film footage of Space Shuttle vehicles). Use of such materials is generally non-objectionable, 
provided the NASA identifiers appear in their factual context.
